[Music]
let our any million go and you get to
keep yours that's the deal you try and
stop at school blow up both fasteners
mr. Benedict
you can lose eighty million dollars
tonight secretly or you can lose 160
million dollars public
it's your decision hi oh I'm all Wilson
now God is gonna see you resting away
he's gonna see his old man walk without
the use of a crutch your cane he's gonna
see that you walk from faithfully very
inspirational own
[Applause]
[Music]
my name is lieutenant aldo raine and i'm
putting together a special team and i
need me eight soldiers Hey
Jewish American soldiers now y'all might
have heard rumors about the Armada
happening soon well we'll be leaving
little earlier we're gonna be dropped
into France dressed as civilians once
we're in enemy territory as a
bushwhacking guerrilla army we're gonna
be doing one thing and one thing only
killing Nazis sad good yes sir oh my god
oh my god oh my god uh-huh I couldn't
call you you told me on secure phone I
know the guy is the guy the guy the
secret guy so is he high up uh I don't
know if he's high probably I mean I got
his name not his rank so what's his name
Osborne Cox
and I got his number I got his number
Ricca hey that was a bit more difficult
shall we give him a tinkle
have you set your path to the light
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah yeah he's in my chair eggs games
here's some games game to want to get
out huh see more games games they veget
eyes you see yeah baby if you play the
games you're voluntarily taking a trifle
life I guess they give it some chemical
strengths huh drugs can't waltz on in
nice eh ladies gentlemen let's see you
wins prize keeping their cool sam says
everybody down on the floor now
nobody lose their head then nobody loses
her head uh you sir yeah you do the
honors take that cash to put in that bag
right there you got an amazing store
tell your friends if not you got a tag
on your toe you said oh just little all
the way to go oh she begged for her life
to take it shut up she begged for her
life shut up and for the life of the
baby inside of her
Oh God Oh God Oh
you
[Music]